Mom, what's inappropriate?
Stop it, don't call me mom yet.
You are getting married to Xiaxia, are you getting married?
Have you bought Sanqing? Marriage is so careless,
What do you think Gao is? Mom, shut up.
Marriage is so stable and you don't even discuss it with me,
What did we think?
Hello aunt.
Auntie, Atom is here, come in and make grass quickly.
Auntie, I'm here to guide you.
Auntie, this is a lot of money.
One person should be careful,
This is the one who had a flash marriage with Xiaxia
Kong's hand is still
Not polite at all
So what do you mean?
We don’t even know how grand our family will be when we come down.
But it's settled, right? Don't be angry.
If the Xixiayun family gave it to me
I'm willing to play this again
How about writing Qiang Tan’s name?
Better name
Another whole night spent eating and understanding people
It’s the name of the property that was transferred
We are guaranteed now and in the future, isn’t it?
I planned for you and I was wrong
Their wife
Not good-looking
There are also quite a few paintings of people wearing clothes.
There must be a lot of girls chasing her
I'm still so service-oriented to you
give nothing
It's time to go home
Who do you ask to cry?
Little prince, who is your name?